---
layout: post
title: Bye-Bye Blogger...
tags: []
---
It's a brand new era at JayDreyer.com. The days of Blogger are over, replaced by Textpattern. So far, so good. I was able to import all of my posts from Blogger using "these instructions":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=6906 without any trouble. After that, I found a "template":http://www.textgarden.org, made some tweaks and now I'm on my way.

Comments are enabled now, so chip in if you want. I'll be curious to see if I'll be a victim of comment spam or not. I still have some work to do here but it already looks better than the old site.

Along with ditching Blogger, I also ditched my home-brewed hosting system in favor of signing up with a real host provider. After a lot of research, I decided to go with "site5.com":http://www.site5.com. Last night was the first time I was able to log in so I'm still getting a feel for how everything works. Now I don't have to worry about the power going out, my son pressing the glowing blue power button, or my lack of skills as a server admin as reasons for my various sites not being available.

Also new, along the lines of changing hosting providers, is my choice of operating system. I've made the switch from Windows 2000/2003 servers for my web stuff to Linux. I set up a test server at home and was amazed at the things I could do, although most of it is pretty basic to seasoned Linux pros. I'm now on the "LAMP stack":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAMP and so far it has been painless. The big plus is the amazing assortment of open source software that is available.

That's it for now...I've got more sites to migrate.
