---
layout: post
title: Tom Cruise is Cuckoo
tags: []
---
Does anyone else out there think Tom Cruise would be better off tooling around his garage or working in the yard instead of showing up on TV and answering questions? Honestly. I had a decent opinion of Cruise for a while - he seemed like a decent guy, fairly grounded, approachable, etc. But now, I think he's heading down the slippery slope to celebrity silliness (i.e. Michael Jackson, Elizabeth Taylor, etc.) Maybe he was already there and I didn't notice.

Take, for example, today's <a href="http://www.cnn.com/2005/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/24/people.cruise.ap/index.html">conversation</a> with Matt Lauer on the Today Show. When Matt started asking questions about prescription drugs that were slightly tougher than the normal softball ones he normally tosses out there, Tom started going off. On what, you may ask? Well, on his knowledge of the history of psychiatry and the amount of research he's done on chemical imbalances. One highlight for me was: 

bq. "You don't know the history of psychiatry. I do," Cruise said.

Another gem was:

bq. "Matt, Matt, you don't even -- you're glib," Cruise responded. "You don't even know what Ritalin is. If you start talking about chemical imbalance, you have to evaluate and read the research papers on how they came up with these theories, Matt, OK. That's what I've done."

Did the "research papers" come from Scientology Central or the New England Journal of Medicine? Just curious.

If you're Katie Holmes' father, what are you thinking right about now? "Let's see...he's nearly 20 years older than my Katie...this is his third marriage...he's into that scientology stuff (does that mean no Christmas???)...he's decided to marry her after about 2 months of dating...he's an expert on Ritalin...sounds like a winner to me!"
