---
layout: post
title: Radcliffe 100 Best Novels List
tags: []
---
If you're looking for something good to read, look no further than this list of fiction compiled by the Radcliffe Publishing Course. It was developed in 1998 as an alternative to the Modern Library's "100 Best Novels list":http://www.randomhouse.com/modernlibrary/100bestnovels.html, which Radcliffe considered too old, too white, too male, etc.

Despite the politics behind it, I've really enjoyed the list and have been working on it for a while now. I slowed down while I was back in school, but I'll get around to making progress on it soon.

# -*The Great Gatsby* by F. Scott Fitzgerald-
# -*The Catcher in the Rye* by J.D. Salinger-
# -*The Grapes of Wrath* by John Steinbeck-
# -*To Kill a Mockingbird* by Harper Lee-
# *The Color Purple* by Alice Walker
# *Ulysses* by James Joyce
# -*Beloved* by Toni Morrison-
# -*The Lord of the Flies* by William Golding-
# -*1984* by George Orwell-
# -*The Sound and the Fury* by William Faulkner-
# *Lolita* by Vladmir Nabokov
# -*Of Mice and Men* by John Steinbeck-
# *Charlotte's Web* by E.B. White
# -*A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man* by James Joyce-
# -*Catch-22* by Joseph Heller-
# -*Brave New World* by Aldous Huxley-
# -*Animal Farm* by George Orwell-
# -*The Sun Also Rises* by Ernest Hemingway-
# -*As I Lay Dying* by William Faulkner-
# -*A Farewell to Arms* by Ernest Hemingway-
# -*Heart of Darkness* by Joseph Conrad-
# *Winnie-the-Pooh* by A.A. Milne
# -*Their Eyes are Watching God* by Zora Neale Hurston-
# -*Invisible Man* by Ralph Ellison-
# *Song of Solomon* by Toni Morrison
# -*Gone with the Wind* by Margaret Mitchell-
# *Native Son* by Richard Wright
# *One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest* by Ken Kesey
# -*Slaughterhouse-Five* by Kurt Vonnegut-
# -*For Whom the Bell Tolls* by Ernest Hemingway-
# -*On the Road* by Jack Kerouac-
# -*The Old Man and the Sea* by Ernest Hemingway-
# -*The Call of the Wild* by Jack London-
# *To the Lighthouse* by Virginia Woolf
# *Portrait of a Lady* by Henry James
# *Go Tell it on the Mountain* by James Baldwin
# -*The World According to Garp* by John Irving-
# -*All the King's Men* by Robert Penn Warren-
# -*A Room with a View* by E.M. Forster-
# -*The Lord of the Rings* by J.R.R. Tolkien-
# *Schindler's List* by Thomas Keneally
# -*The Age of Innocence* by Edith Wharton-
# -*The Fountainhead* by Ayn Rand-
# *Finnegans Wake* by James Joyce
# *The Jungle* by Upton Sinclair
# *Mrs. Dalloway* by Virginia Woolf
# *The Wonderful Wizard of Oz* by L. Frank Baum
# *Lady Chatterley's Lover* by D.H. Lawrence
# *A Clockwork Orange* by Anthony Burgess
# -*The Awakening* by Kate Chopin-
# -*My Antonia* by Willa Cather-
# -*Howards End* by E.M. Forster-
# -*In Cold Blood* by Truman Capote-
# -*Franny and Zooey* by J.D. Salinger-
# *The Satanic Verses* by Salman Rushdie
# *Jazz* by Toni Morrison
# *Sophie's Choice* by William Styron
# -*Absalom, Absalom!* by William Faulkner-
# -*A Passage to India* by E.M. Forster-
# *Ethan Frome* by Edith Wharton
# *A Good Man Is Hard to Find* by Flannery O'Connor
# *Tender Is the Night* by F. Scott Fitzgerald
# *Orlando* by Virginia Woolf
# *Sons and Lovers* by D.H. Lawrence
# *Bonfire of the Vanities* by Tom Wolfe
# -*Cat's Cradle* by Kurt Vonnegut-
# *A Separate Peace* by John Knowles
# -*Light in August* by William Faulkner-
# *The Wings of the Dove* by Henry James
# *Things Fall Apart* by Chinua Achebe
# *Rebecca* by Daphne du Maurier
# *A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy* by Douglas Adams
# *Naked Lunch* by William S. Burroughs
# *Brideshead Revisited* by Evelyn Waugh
# *Women in Love* by D.H. Lawrence
# *Look Homeward, Angel* by Thomas Wolfe
# *In Our Time* by Ernest Hemingway
# *The Autobiography of Alice B. Tokias* by Gertrude Stein
# *The Maltese Falcon* by Dashiell Hammett
# -*The Naked and the Dead* by Norman Mailer-
# *Wide Sargasso Sea* by Jean Rhys
# *White Noise* by Don DeLillo
# -*O Pioneers!* by Willa Cather-
# *Tropic of Cancer* by Henry Miller
# *The War of the Worlds* by H.G. Wells
# *Lord Jim* by Joseph Conrad
# *The Bostonians* by Henry James
# *An American Tragedy* by Theodore Dreiser
# -*Death Comes for the Archbishop* by Willa Cather-
# *The Wind in the Willows* by Kenneth Grahame
# *This Side of Paradise* by F. Scott Fitzgerald
# -*Atlas Shrugged* by Ayn Rand-
# *The French Lieutenant's Woman* by John Fowles
# -*Babbitt* by Sinclair Lewis-
# *Kim* by Rudyard Kipling
# *The Beautiful and the Damned* by F. Scott Fitzgerald
# -*Rabbit, Run* by John Updike-
# *Where Angels Fear to Tread* by E.M. Forster
# *Main Street* by Sinclair Lewis
# *Midnight's Children* by Salman Rushdie


h3. Random Notes

Nothing too surprising about this list. The only thing is that I must really be missing the boat with Ulysses. I've tried reading it but I think I've given up three different times. I've never met anyone that enjoyed this book, or could even recommend it, yet it always ends up near the top on these types of lists. 

I'm a big fan of all things Faulkner. It's amazing how just about every one of his books has some link to the others. Minor or even incidental characters in one become the main characters in another. How he kept it all straight is fascinating.

If you're looking to get into Ayn Rand, I'd start with the Fountainhead instead of Atlas Shrugged. If you do read Atlas Shrugged there is an entirely too lengthy speech toward the end of the book that you can just skip (it's about 70 pages, I think). If the point of the book hasn't been hammered into your brain by the point you get to the speech, you might as well just close it up and put it back on the shelf.  One of these days, they are supposed to make a movie/mini-series based on Atlas Shrugged. It might already have been made and I missed it, but it would be interesting to see. The Fountainhead was made into a film starring Gary Cooper. It was decent, but the book was excellent.

Biggest omission...where is One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez??? It's easily in my top 10.
