---
layout: post
title: Move update
tags: []
---
Hey all...

It's been a busy week so I haven't had time to post anything. DeAnne and I spent last week in Minneapolis house hunting. We had a successful trip and found a place in Plymouth, MN. It's a suburb about 15-20 minutes outside of Minneapolis. If you're curious, I posted some pictures in the new photo gallery section of the web site. Just click the Gallery link in the navigation bar to check them out.

We had a really great time in the city. There are a lot of nice restaurants and we basically ate our way through town. It was a crazy week there because the NCAA regional final was at the Metrodome while the Minnesota High School boys basketball tournament was happening at the Target Center. Both facilities are downtown so there was always something going on nearby.

I head out to Minneapolis this weekend and start working at Target on Monday. I can't believe it's already time to get to work. I'm off this week just trying to spend as much time with DeAnne and Jack as possible before I leave. We don't close on the new house until June 2nd so I'll be away from the family for a while. With DeAnne due in May, it's a tough time for all of this to happen but it will all work out in the long run. It's just going to be a tough couple of months. Luckily, Target has a really nice relocation package so I'll get to fly home 4 times. I'll use one trip for when the new baby is born and another for when we move. The other two will be used sometime before then. We'll see how it all works out!

No new news on selling our house here in Ferndale. We've had a couple of showings but no offers yet.  Keep your fingers crossed!
